# Achievement-3-SQL
An exploration of how data is structured in a relational database and a performance of complex queries against a given database.

Introduction
Rockbuster Stealth LLC i s a movie rental company that used to have stores around the world. Facing stiff competition from streaming services such as Netflix and Amazon Prime, the Rockbuster Stealth management team i s planning to use i ts existing movie l icenses to launch an online video rental service i n order to stay competitive. You’ve been hired as a data analyst by Rockbuster Stealth’s business i ntelligence (BI) department to help with the l aunch strategy for the new online video service. The BI department helps other departments, from i nventory to customer i nsights, with data-related queries. Your first task i s to l oad all of Rockbuster’s data i nto a relational database management system (RDBMS). Then, you’ll use SQL to analyze the data and answer any ad-hoc business questions that other departments may have.

Context
To answer the questions posed by the different departments, you’ll query the data using SQL (short for structured query l anguage). Throughout this Achievement, you’ll l earn SQL incrementally, and you’ll use i t to answer i ncreasingly complex business questions for each task. The results of your analysis will be presented to Rockbuster management, so you’ll need to visualize the data i n an easy-to-consume manner. In other words, you’ll build on what you’ve l earned i n previous Achievements. Although you’ll be working with data from the online video streaming i ndustry for this project, the skills you develop could be applied to any i ndustry and will highlight your ability to solve problems for a variety of clients. The aim i s to give you hands-on experience with SQL. By the time you finish your project, you’ll be able to use SQL to perform various kinds of query-based analyses.
